<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr">
<div class = "border2">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8">
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
    <title>Tools</title>
    <div class="pagetitle">
    <h1 style="text-align:center">Microsoft Teams Group Meeting Notes</h1>
  </div>
    <i><h2 style="font-size:25px; text-align:center; font-family: sans-serif;">Team Name: THUR Assignment 3 Group #25</h2></i>
  </head>

    <body>
      <style>
       #navbar {
          overflow: hidden;
          background-color: #555;
          box-shadow: 0 4px 8px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2), 0 6px 20px 0 rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.19);
        }


        #navbar a {
          float: left;
          display: block;
          color: #f2f2f2;
          text-align: center;
          padding: 14px 16px;
          text-decoration: none;
          font-size: 17px;
        }

        #navbar a:hover {
          background-color: #6CB9C1;
          color: white;
        }

        #navbar a.active {
          background-color: #aa0404;
          color: white;
        }

        .content {
padding: 16px;
}

.sticky {
position: fixed;
top: 0;
width: 100%;
}

.sticky + .content {
padding-top: 60px;
}
    </style>


    <div id="navbar">
      <a href="index.html">Home</a>
      <a href="teamprofile.html">Team Profile</a>
      <a href="idealjobs.html">Ideal Jobs</a>
      <a href="tools.html">Tools</a>
      <a href="project.html">Project</a>
      <a href="skillsandjobs.html">Skills and Jobs</a>
      <a href="groupreflection.html">Group Reflection</a>


    </div>

      <script>
  window.onscroll = function() {myFunction()};

  var navbar = document.getElementById("navbar");
  var sticky = navbar.offsetTop;

  function myFunction() {
    if (window.pageYOffset >= sticky) {
      navbar.classList.add("sticky")
    } else {
      navbar.classList.remove("sticky");
    }
  }
  </script>
  <p>09 May 2022 - 63 minutes
  <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/Meeting%20in%20_General_-20220509_213635-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1">https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/Meeting%20in%20_General_-20220509_213635-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1</a>
  This meeting's main agenda was to go through the assignment specifications and allocate work. Chalani was assigned Team Profile, Skills and Jobs, Tools and Technology if needed as she worked on Clouds in Assignment 2. Hayden was assigned Tools specifically GitHub repository, Roles, Testing and Group Processes and Communication. Alex was assigned Tools and Technology and Group Reflection. Matthew was assigned Plans and Progress and Timeframe. Liam was assigned Overview, Aims and Tools and Technology if help is needed. Samantha was assigned Tools specifically Meetings, Audit Trail, Scopes and Limits, Risks. This can easily be seen on Matthew’s spreadsheet. The meeting also discussed potential questions to ask Anthony during our scheduled Thursday 12 of May at 12:45. These included Chalani’s table from assignment 2 and how it can qualify in assignment 3 and the level of quality the prototype has to be. </p>
  <br>
  <p>11 May 2022 - 33 minutes
  <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/The%20beach%20episode%20-%20Filler%20meeting-20220511_213603-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1">https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/The%20beach%20episode%20-%20Filler%20meeting-20220511_213603-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1</a> <br>
  This meeting's main agenda was to explain to all team members ‘Downstream’, our project, and to answer any questions members may have. Liam took a main role in explaining ‘Downstream’ as it stems from his project idea presented in Assignment 1. There were also some general questions about the Assignment that were discussed, Chalani talked with the group about the new parts to the Team Profile; Group Process and Career Plans. Samantha was late to the meeting and joined for the last ten minutes. </p>
  <p>17 May 2022 - 21 minutes
  <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/Meeting%20in%20_General_-20220516_223624-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1 ">https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/Meeting%20in%20_General_-20220516_223624-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1 </a> <br>
  This meeting agenda was to give updates on current progress on the assignment. All members attended the meeting held and gave a brief update on their progress. Liam and Hayden both have not fully started on their respective parts however plan to finish by the hard deadline the team set on the 22 of May. Chalani and Alex have both started on their parts and Alex has updated the shared document. Chalani raised the concern on her part again and wishes to speak with Anthony about it during our rescheduled consultation on the 19 of May. Samantha has been updating tools as the meetings take place, has done research on her bits and wishes to start writing soon. Matthew has stated that he has not started over the weekend however plans to start this coming week, he wishes to have a one on one conversation with all about the timeframe in which we plan to do things. </p>
  <p>19 May 2022 - 35 minutes
  A meeting consultation was held today at 1:30 with Anthony and it went for fifteen minutes. Chalani explained concerns regarding the new parts, Group Processes and Career Plans and Anthony answered those questions. Liam then discussed generally how the team was progressing and how we set a hard deadline for the 22 May to have our report stuff completed. After Anthony left, the group had a quick discussion about prototypes and as a group what we plan in terms of generating them.<br>

  <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/Meeting%20in%20_General_-20220519_170352-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1">https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/Meeting%20in%20_General_-20220519_170352-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1</a>
  This meeting was recorded on the same day as our meeting consultation. We mostly discussed the prototype and the html as we already already discussed the report writing part. During this meeting Alex also showed Anthony, in detail, the specifications of our report that is currently done and he gave us feedback. </p>
  <p>24 May 2022 - 36 minutes
  <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/Meeting%20in%20_General_-20220523_223613-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1">https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/Meeting%20in%20_General_-20220523_223613-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1</a>
  This meeting was held on Tuesday as a general catch up for our team. Chalani, Alex, Liam and Hayden have finished their work and provided them on our shared document. Samantha still needs to finish the tools section as the meetings go by and also share the Risks section of her work as she wants to add more references. Matthew still needs to finalise his parts and the team has given him a hard deadline of 25 May to finish all his parts. There was a bit of miscommunication within the team to who was allocated the prototype (figma) portion and Matthew stepped up and took on this role. </p>
  <p>26 May 2022 - 38 minutes
  <a href="https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/BINGUS-20220526_170648-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1">https://rmiteduau.sharepoint.com/sites/THURS25-ITA2/Shared%20Documents/General/Recordings/BINGUS-20220526_170648-Meeting%20Recording.mp4?web=1</a>
  This meeting was held during the tutorial as they have been moved to online. Samantha was unable to attend the meeting due to internet issues however she has stated she will watch the recording of the meeting as she writes the tools meetings summary. All parts have been finalised before this meeting and are all on the shared drive. Matthew has shared a figma document for the prototype during this meeting and has started on the prototype. Liam and Hayden have also discussed the starting of html.  We also discussed the presentation aspect of this assignment and to start to plan that. </p>
</body>
</div>
</html>
